# Experiment 1 - Sentiment Analysis 

This experiment was focused on using a neural network to understand the sentiment exhibited within movie reviews.
This file will explore the different directories and files in this folder and explain what they are used for.

### glove_Word2Vec/
Contains the word embedding representations used for this project.

#### wordList.npy
The vocabulary list. 400,000 long list of words covered by this Word2Vec implementation

#### wordVectors.npy
The 50 dimensional vectors for each of the 400,000 words

### movie_review_dataset/labeledTrainData

#### (train, dev, test)_ids_matrix.csv
These files contain a representation of each review, each word in the review is replaced with it's index in glove_Word2Vec/wordList.npy this makes it easy to then replace each word with it's 50 dimensional vector.

#### labeledTrainData.tsv
Contains all data train test and dev sets.

### movie_review_dataset/testData/
Not used.

### New_word2Vec_Test.ipynb
Neural network used for sentiment analysis. Main part of this experiment.

### Sentiment_analysis_LSTM.ipynb
Initial attempt at neural network

### Small_version.ipynb
Testing neural network with small dataset.

### Testing_pre_trained_network.ipynb
File used to test a neural network that was trained with one of the other files.

### Word2Vec_Example.ipynb
Initial tests with word2vec used for Appendix A.

### Corresponding .py files
The above files are Jupyter notebooks, these files are a python version of the otebooks. These were auto generated by a script added to the jupyter server to help when using version control (git) to compare versions of the files.